happy anary the US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin one of the global
leaders at this annual meeting in the
Alps where the war in Gaza sits among
the items at the top of the agenda shikh
Muhammad bin Abdul ramman althani who's
both prime minister and foreign minister
of Qatar was scathing about the effects
of Israel's bombardment over the past
three
months is not there anymore I
mean there is nothing over there it's uh
carpet bombing
everywhere
and it's it's need like it
needs like rebuilding an entire city
again after this Germany's foreign
minister was on a panel discussing
Global Security her country has
consistently opposed an immediate
ceasefire I believe the the problem we
are in is actually we know the solution
we can only come out together on a plan
on the ceasefire on a plan on a two
states solution but at the moment we are
stuck in a vicious circle the foreign
minister of Saudi Arabia a country that
was close to a normalization deal with
Israel before the war was asked whether
such a deal could now be revived he said
yes but only if a serious of steps
happen first we need to have a ceasefire
immediately we need to set the ground
for a credible uh process that enables
the Palestinian Authority that allows us
to have a a process towards uh a peace
in the region this will resolve many of
the challenges that we have in the
region among those speaking here on
Tuesday the Iranian foreign minister and
the US Secretary of State expect a lot
of talk about tensions in the Red Sea
and attacks by the houthis already the
caty Prime Minister has warned that the
recent UK and US military intervention
could lead to further escalation and
Business Leaders here are worried about
the global supply chain and the effects
on the world economy James Bay Al jazer
Davos
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer